Feature/API-6209 queue transfers update (#683)
livechat/livechat-public-docs: content/messaging/agent-chat-api/changelog/index.mdx

  - method: **Tag Chat Thread** -> **Tag Thread** and push: **Chat Thread Tagged** -> **Thread Tagged**
  - method: **Untag Chat Thread** -> **Untag Thread** and push: **Chat Thread Untagged** -> **Thread Untagged**
  - method: **Close Thread** -> **Deactivate Chat** and push: **Thread Closed** -> **Chat Deactivated**
  - push: **incoming_chat_thread** -> **incoming_chat**
- The `order` field has been renamed to `sort_order` in **List Chats**, **Get Chat Threads Summary**, and **List Customers**.
- The `scopes` field in **Multicast** has been renamed to `recipients`.
- There are new fields, `previous_thread_id`, `next_thread_id`, `queue` and `queues_duration` in the [**Thread**](/messaging/agent-chat-api/v3.2/#threads) data structure.
- There's a new field `queue` in [**Chat summary**](/messaging/agent-chat-api/v3.2/#chat-summaries), nested in `last_thread_summary`.

> - The `order` and `timestamp` field in the [**Thread**](/messaging/agent-chat-api/v3.2/#threads) data structure were replaced with the new field, `created_at` (date & time in microseconds in UTC).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `order` and `timestamp` fields in the [**Thread**](/messaging/agent-chat-api/v3.2/#threads) data structure were replaced with the new field, `created_at` (date & time in microseconds in UTC).
```

- The **Get Chat Threads** method evolved into **Get Chat** ([Web](/messaging/agent-chat-api/v3.2/#get-chat) & [RTM](/messaging/agent-chat-api/v3.2/rtm-reference/#get-chat)). It now allows to retrieve a chat containing a particular thread. It also changed its shape; it no longer contains the `order` field and the `chat` key.
- **Transfer Chat** ([Web](/messaging/agent-chat-api/v3.2/#transfer-chat) & [RTM](/messaging/agent-chat-api/v3.2/rtm-reference/#transfer-chat)) can now be used with inactive chats.
- There are new fields, `requester_id` and `transferred_from` in [`incoming_chat`](/messaging/agent-chat-api/v3.2/rtm-reference/#incoming_chat).

> - [`chat_transferred`](/messaging/agent-chat-api/v3.2/rtm-reference/#chat_transferred) push is no longer tied directly to **Transfer Chat**, can now be generated when the transfer is implicit e.g. the agents are reassigned due to their inactivity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The [`chat_transferred`](/messaging/agent-chat-api/v3.2/rtm-reference/#chat_transferred) push is no longer tied directly to **Transfer Chat**. Now, it can be generated when the transfer is implicit, for example, agents are reassigned due to their inactivity.
```

- There are new fields, `requester_id`, `thread_id`, `reason`, `queue` and `transferred_to` in `chat_transferred`.
- The `chat_user_added` push was renamed to [`user_added_to_chat`](/messaging/agent-chat-api/v3.2/rtm-reference/#user_added_to_chat). It has new fields: `reason` and `requester_id`.
- The `chat_user_removed` push was renamed to [`user_removed_from_chat`](/messaging/agent-chat-api/v3.2/rtm-reference/#user_removed_from_chat). It has new fields: `reason` and `requester_id`.

### Removed

- The **Update Agent** method was removed.
- The `agent_updated` push was removed.

> - The **Set Chat Access** method was removed. It's use cases are now covered by the **Transfer Chat**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The **Set Chat Access** method was removed. Its use cases are now covered by the **Transfer Chat**.
```
